I propose to build the Facebook of Boardgames. A lofty proposition but in line with the theme of this project. Below I detail some of the key points and directions for this project.

I plan to build my tech stack using Javascript and React. as well as Vite and Node.js In terms of the Server side I am not positive yet, but likely MongoDB. As I continue through the course and learn more about the Server-side of things I will be able to solidify more what I am most confident using that wll be in line with my purposes.

I will be focusing my work on functionality more than appearnce, although I do hope to have a good UI as well. For what I want to accomplish it will be more important to me that the UI functions more than that it is stylized well. That said the application will be heavily user dependent. So I would consider this to be a more evenly focused full-stack application.

This will be a website with growth potential into a mobile app. Much like the path that Facebook has taken. It is meant to be a social network to connect gamers. I believe that starting from building it as a website that can be adapted to Mobile App in the future will be the more advantageous approach.

The goal of my project is to create a space to both track your own information as well as connect with others who match well with that information. This will be focused on specifically Board Games and Tabletop RPGs. In terms of overview it is designed to utilize User inputted data to create an interconnected database of information to compare and connect users to each other. Users will input data on games in 3 major categories. Games that they own, games that they have played, and games that they want to play in the future. That information will allow the application to then compare user data to each other and, if certain thresholds are met, 'suggest' user connections.

This application will be focused on gamers. Specifically individuals who either own or play multiple board games or tabletop RPGs and are potentially looking to connect with others that are doing the same. In terms of Age or Gender demographics, there is no target there as games are universal.

This project has the potential to rely heavily on User inputted data. We will want to collect User data, like name, location, and other possible identifiers so there is information to display to and from potential connections. In addition we will want to collect data on the games that they are playing or own. This is where the split in tactics has the greatest potential. For ease of comparison it would be best if the application was connected to a database of games which had certain key features and descriptors attached to each game in the database. For example, number of players, genre of game, playtime, game developer, etc. This allows for games to be easily compared between users in order to establish new links. However new games are always being developed and it cannot be guaranteed that the chosen database will always be up to date or contain every possibility. Which means that the application should also have the capabilities to input custom listings. These listing should still require the same categories of data to be included as would be in the database. From there it is a decision on if there should be any kind of review process or threshold for later adding the game to the database for easier and uniform input by other users. This would require some metric of review, in order for uniformity and recognizability to be accounted for. I believe it will require more thought

While I am still searching for the best APIs to use for this project. I am fairly certain I will end up making use of the [Board Game Geek XML API](https://boardgamegeek.com/xmlapi/search) Board Game Geek is a very similar project as what I am looking to do so will be a key inspiration for functionality as I move forward.
